Add Android 8 and 9 compatibility using Mutations (#2853)
ianstormtaylor/slate: packages/slate-react/src/plugins/android/composition-manager.md

# CompositionManager

Android version 8 and 9 use `CompositionManager` for compatibility.

## MutationObserver

The `CompositionManager` looks at mutations using `MutationObserver` and
bypasses all other event processing from the `dom` plugin.

It uses mutations to determine how to modify the Editor `value` where `dom`
uses events to determine how to modify the Editor `value`.

## How It Works

We try to avoid an Editor `render` in the middle of a composition. At the same

> time we want to make sure all mutations are eventuallyreflected in the Editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time we want to make sure all mutations are eventually reflected in the Editor
```
